Psalm 37:3,Trust in the Lord, and do good; dwell in the land, and feed on His faithfulness.
Psalm 71:8,Let my mouth be filled with Your praise and with Your glory all the day.
Psalm 90:12,Teach us to number our days, that we may gain a heart of wisdom.
Psalm 148:13,Let them praise the name of the Lord, for His name alone is exalted.
John 14:6,I am the way, the truth, and the life. No one come to the Father except through Me.
John 14:9,He who has seen me has seen the Father.
John 15:13,Greater love has no one than this, than to laydown one's life for his friends.
John 15:17,These things I command you, that you love one another.
1 John 2:28,Abide in Him, that when He appears, we may have confidence and not be ashamed before Him at His coming.
Joshua 24:15,Choose for yourself this day whom you will serve.
Collossians 3:23,Whatever you do, do it heartily, as to the lord and not to men.
1 Corinthians 4:2,It is required in stewards that one be found faithful.
2 Corinthians 4:8,We are hard pressed on every side, yet not crushed; we are perplexed, but not in despair.
2 Corinthians 5:7,We walk by faith, not by sight.
Romans 6:13,Present yourselves to God as being alive from the dead.
Matthew 4:4,Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds from the mouth of God.
Matthew 6:5,You shall not be like the hypocrites. For they love to pray standing in the synagogues and on the corners of the streets.
Matthew 6:34,Do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will worry about its own things.
Matthew 11:29,Take My yoke upon you and learn from Me, for I am gentle and lowly in heart.
Matthew 24:44,You also be ready, for the Son of Man is coming at an hour you do not expect.
Proverbs 29:25,The fear of man brings a snare, but whoever trusts in the Lord shall be safe.
Hebrews 12:5,Do not despise the chastening of the Lord, nor be discouraged when you are rebuked by Him.
Galatians 2:20,I have been crucified with Christ; it is no longer I who live, but Christ lives in me; and the life which I now live in the flesh I live by faith in the Son of God who loved me and gave Himself for me.
Acts 22:15,You will be His witness to all men of what you have seen and heard.
Zechariah 4:6,"Not by might nor by power, but My Spirit," says the Lord of hosts.
Anonymous,An expert is someone who knows more and more about less and less, until eventually he knows everything about nothing.
Anonymous,Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow.
Anonymous,One thing you can't recycle is wasted time.
Albert Camus,Don't walk behind me; I may not lead. Don't walk in front of me; I may not follow. Just walk beside me and be my friend.
Albert Einstein,Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile.
Albert Einstein,Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world.
Albert Einstein,When you are courting a nice girl an hour seems like a second. When you sit on a red-hot cinder a second seems like an hour. That's relativity.
Arthur C. Clarke,Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
Arthur C. Clarke,The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them into the impossible.
Benjamin Franklin,You may delay, but time will not.
Chinese Proverb,Teachers open the door, but you must enter by yourself.
Chinese Proverb,Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day. Teach a man to fish and he will eat for the rest of his life.
Chinese Proverb,He who asks is a fool for five minutes, but he who does not ask remains a fool forever.
French proverb,Why kill time when one can employ it.
George Bernard Shaw,A man never tells you anything until you contradict him.
George Bernard Shaw,You see things as they are and ask, 'Why?' I dream things as they never were and ask, 'Why not?'
Gschwandtner,Problems are nothing but wake-up calls for creativity
Neil Armstrong,That's one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind.
Sun Tzu,For to win one hundred victories in one hundred battles is not the acme of skill. To subdue the enemy without fighting is the supreme excellence.
Voltaire,If God did not exist, it would be necessary to invent Him.